Update parse mode plugin docs (#520)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/plugins/parse-mode.md

This plugin provides a transformer for setting default `parse_mode`, and a middleware for hydrating `Context` with familiar `reply` variant methods - i.e. `replyWithHTML`, `replyWithMarkdown`, etc.

> ## Usage (Using format)

Reviewer: We need some sort of explanation what format actually use does and why people should use it (no escaping!) Also, we need a link to https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals#tagged_templates because people will think it's magic if they don't know the language well enough.

Reviewer: @KnightNiwrem are you still interested in working on this?

Author: To be done in a different PR

Reviewer: See #570

> ## Usage (Using format)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Usage (Improving Formatting Experience)
```

<CodeGroup>
  <CodeGroupItem title="TypeScript" active>

```ts

> import { Bot, Composer, Context } from "grammy";

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
import { Bot, Context } from "grammy";
```

> import { bold, fmt, hydrateReply, italic } from "@grammyjs/parse-mode";

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
import { bold, fmt, hydrateReply, italic, link } from "@grammyjs/parse-mode";
```

import type { ParseModeFlavor } from "@grammyjs/parse-mode";

const bot = new Bot<ParseModeFlavor<Context>>("");

> // Install format reply variant to ctx

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Install the plugin.
```

bot.use(hydrateReply);

bot.command("demo", async (ctx) => {
  await ctx.replyFmt(fmt`${bold("bold!")}
${bold(italic("bitalic!"))}

> ${bold(fmt`bold ${link("blink", "example.com")} bold`)}`);

Reviewer: Why is this call to `fmt` even necessary? Couldn't we support
```ts
fmt`${bold`${italic`bitalic!`}`}`
```
?

Reviewer: (this is off-topic, it's not about the docs)

Author: Not quite sure what you mean. The bitalic word doesn't have any enclosing fmt. The next part, bold blink bold, uses fmt to combine string primitives with FormattedString.

Reviewer: > The bitalic word doesn't have any enclosing fmt.

Not directly, but it still passes through the outer `fmt` so technically this should be enough, right?

Reviewer: In other words, nested `fmt` calls are only necessary because `fmt` lacks support for processing nested formatting entities.

Author: > Not directly, but it still passes through the outer `fmt` so technically this should be enough, right?

No, not at all.

> In other words, nested `fmt` calls are only necessary because `fmt` lacks support for processing nested formatting entities.

Not exactly. It's more of a property of tagged template literal, rather than a property of `fmt` and it's implementation.

A template literal can be written as the general form `stringPart1 ${expr1} stringPart2 ${expr2} ... {$exprN} stringPartN+1`. A tagged template literal takes this template literal and call the function with the following signature `tag([stringPart1, ... stringPartN+1], expr1, ... exprN)`.

Then, we have `fmt` defined with the following type signature `fmt: (rawStringParts: TemplateStringsArray | string[], ...stringLikes: Stringable[]) => FormattedString`. That is, whatever expression comes out of `expr_n`, it ought to be of type `Stringable`.

So let us consider the text `bold blink bold` where all the terms are bolded, and the middle term is also a link. Here, we opt to enclose the entire text with `bold("bold blink bold")` first, since everything is bolded. This is still good, as the return type of `bold` is a `Stringable`. Next, we need to linkify the middle element. Of course, we cannot naively do ```bold(`bold ${link("blink", "...")} bold`)``` as this expression needs to resolve to a value before being handed over to the outer `fmt`, and a regular template literal will resolve this to a string - that is, it will try to cast any non-string expressions to string, causing us to lose precious link formatting information for `blink`.

Thus, we do ```bold(fmt`bold ${link("blink", "...")} bold`)``` instead. Here, the inner expression resolves to a `Stringable` that is then fed to the outer `bold` function which returns another `Stringable`. Finally, this entire expression return value is fed to the outermost `fmt` to be concatenated into the complete `Stringable`.

Author: That said, if somebody insists on using only one `fmt`, they can. They would just need to call `bold` three times for each individual term in the `bold blink bold` case, with the middle term having an additional `link` call, of course.

>   // fmt can also be called like a regular function

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  // fmt can also be called like any other function
```

>   // fmt can also be called like any other function

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  // fmt can also be called like any other function.
```

  await ctx.replyFmt(
    fmt(
      ["", " and ", " and ", ""],
      fmt`${bold("bold")}`,
      fmt`${bold(italic("bitalic"))}`,
      fmt`${italic("italic")}`,
    ),
  );
});

bot.start();
```

</CodeGroupItem>
 <CodeGroupItem title="JavaScript">

```js

> const { Bot, Composer, Context } = require("grammy");

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
const { Bot, Context } = require("grammy");
```

> const { bold, fmt, hydrateReply, italic } = require("@grammyjs/parse-mode");

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
const { bold, fmt, hydrateReply, italic, link } = require("@grammyjs/parse-mode");
```

const bot = new Bot("");

> // Install format reply variant to ctx

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Install the plugin.
```

bot.use(hydrateReply);

bot.command("demo", async (ctx) => {
  await ctx.replyFmt(fmt`${bold("bold!")}
${bold(italic("bitalic!"))}
${bold(fmt`bold ${link("blink", "example.com")} bold`)}`);

>   // fmt can also be called like a regular function

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  // fmt can also be called like any other function
```

>   // fmt can also be called like any other function

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  // fmt can also be called like any other function.
```

  await ctx.replyFmt(
    fmt(
      ["", " and ", " and ", ""],
      fmt`${bold("bold")}`,
      fmt`${bold(italic("bitalic"))}`,
      fmt`${italic("italic")}`,
    ),
  );
});

bot.start();
```

</CodeGroupItem>
 <CodeGroupItem title="Deno">

```ts

> import { Bot, Composer, Context } from "https://deno.land/x/grammy/mod.ts";

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
import { Bot, Context } from "https://deno.land/x/grammy/mod.ts";
```

import {
  bold,
  fmt,
  hydrateReply,

>   italic,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  italic,
  link,
```

} from "https://deno.land/x/grammy_parse_mode/mod.ts";

import type { ParseModeFlavor } from "https://deno.land/x/grammy_parse_mode/mod.ts";

const bot = new Bot<ParseModeFlavor<Context>>("");

> // Install format reply variant to ctx

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Install the plugin.
```

bot.use(hydrateReply);

bot.command("demo", async (ctx) => {
  await ctx.replyFmt(fmt`${bold("bold!")}
${bold(italic("bitalic!"))}
${bold(fmt`bold ${link("blink", "example.com")} bold`)}`);

>   // fmt can also be called like a regular function

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  // fmt can also be called like any other function
```

>   // fmt can also be called like any other function

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  // fmt can also be called like any other function.
```

  await ctx.replyFmt(
    fmt(
      ["", " and ", " and ", ""],
      fmt`${bold("bold")}`,
      fmt`${bold(italic("bitalic"))}`,
      fmt`${italic("italic")}`,
    ),
  );
});

bot.start();
```

</CodeGroupItem>
</CodeGroup>

> ## Usage (Using default parse mode and utility reply methods)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Usage (Default Parse Mode and Reply Methods)
```

<CodeGroup>
  <CodeGroupItem title="TypeScript" active>

```ts
import { Bot, Composer, Context } from "grammy";
import { hydrateReply, parseMode } from "@grammyjs/parse-mode";

import type { ParseModeFlavor } from "@grammyjs/parse-mode";

const bot = new Bot<ParseModeFlavor<Context>>("");

> // Install familiar reply variants to ctx

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Install the plugin.
```

 <CodeGroupItem title="JavaScript">

```js
const { Bot, Composer, Context } = require("grammy");
const { hydrateReply, parseMode } = require("@grammyjs/parse-mode");

const bot = new Bot("");

> // Install familiar reply variants to ctx

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Install the plugin.
```

bot.use(hydrateReply);

> // Sets default parse_mode for ctx.reply

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Set the default parse mode for ctx.reply.
```

 <CodeGroupItem title="Deno">

```ts
import { Bot, Composer, Context } from "https://deno.land/x/grammy/mod.ts";
import {
  hydrateReply,
  parseMode,
} from "https://deno.land/x/grammy_parse_mode/mod.ts";

import type { ParseModeFlavor } from "https://deno.land/x/grammy_parse_mode/mod.ts";

const bot = new Bot<ParseModeFlavor<Context>>("");

> // Install familiar reply variants to ctx

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Install the plugin.
```

bot.use(hydrateReply);

> // Sets default parse_mode for ctx.reply

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Set the default parse mode for ctx.reply.
```
